# Mingu Sports Complex Booking Website
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/hQbQK-tsBug
#### Description:

This website I created is used to book sports facilities at Mingu Sports Complex, a fictional sports complex of mine. There is a homepage that features basic information such as daily opening hours, cost of each type of sports and when to book the slots. Users can either login or register for an account. Once logged in, the "Facilities" tab provide more details about each sport facility, while the "Book" tab displays the availability of all the slots on the day itself. Users can also book their desired slots using the "Book" tab. "My Bookings" tab displays all of the user's previous bookings, while the "Top Up" tab allows the user to add cash to his or her account once it has run out.

#### Source Files:

Under static folder, login_styles.css includes all the CSS code for the login and register pages, while styles.css includes the CSS code for all other pages. Templates folder consist of the various HTML templates I made for my website. For instance, book_bmt.html is the page shown to the viewer if he wishes to book badminton slots, while history.html is the page that consists of all of the user's previous bookings.

App.py is the backend code that connects all these HTML templates and user database together using GET and POST requests. One example would be to check for whether the user has exceeded the maximum booking quota per day. I will send a query to the SQL database to return the number of bookings the user has made for a specific sport on the day itself. If it is greater than or equal to 2, any additional booking would be denied and the apology page would be rendered. Another example would be the backend mechanisms that will be triggered after a user has booked a slot for table tennis, such as updates made to the database. The cash column in the users table will be updated since the booking cost money while the bookings and personal tables will be updated with the new booking that had been made. The availability column in the tt table will also be updated to "Booked" status for that particular timeslot. Helpers.py consist of additional functions that are used in app.py, such as the apology function that renders the error message and error code if something goes wrong, for instance if the user keyed in an incorrect password.

bookings.db is the database that stores all of the bookings and user data. There are 6 tables in total - tt, badminton and gym store data regarding the availability of slots for each of these sports facilities. The date column refreshes to the current date everyday, and this is executed using the before_first_request decorator in app.py file. Users store data on basic information of all users, such as username, hashed password and amount of cash in their accounts. Bookings stores data on the entirety of bookings made by all users of the website. Personal is a subset of the bookings table, where only the bookings made by the current user logged in is stored in it. Once a new user has registered or logged in, the personal table will update itself with the new user's booking history.
